my guys if you like your takeaway meals
but you wanna make some extra special
healthy and make them at home then this
is the recipe for you I'm going to show
you how to make Singapore noodles in so
easy and best of all you can use lots of
veggies and whack your veggie content so
I'm going to start off with is chopping
our veggies but I do need to tell you
that I have marinated it some chicken
strips with a little bit of soy sauce
some oyster sauce and some garlic and
ginger and you leave that to sit while
you get on with the rest of your recipe
so time to chop up my veggies I'm gonna
start with my garlic so just want a nice
fine chop on your garlic and you don't
have to be too careful but I do like
when I do like Asian dishes that there's
a nice kind of difference in texture so
you got a little bit of fine slicing
going on stuff that's my garlic with
your ginger what you want to do is take
off the skin so just run a knife around
the sides of this and just grab one of
these babies if you've never used one of
these they're microplane grater and they
are absolutely fantastic for getting the
most out of your ginger or chilli and
then they're going to use it for my
ginger now give this one a good grade
down I'm using a lot of ginger because I
love ginger and you do want to get a bit
of a hit of it so about two thumb sized
pieces will do the job here right that's
my ginger so chop up the veggies spring
onions celery and carrot and you can use
whatever veggies you want here peppers
aubergine courgettes it's up to you
I'm really given my veggies a nice thin
Chuck they will cook much quicker and
now we're joined in the kitchen by the
star of the show max the dog everybody
hiya Maxie hey okay he's just calm cause
he thinks his food so I better crack on
and get his dinner ready
right time to get that wok nice and hot
so heat goes on now the thing when
you're making an Asian dish or any
stir-fry is to make sure that your wok
is hot and that is the biggest mistake
people mess the biggest mistake people
make even the reason you get a gloopy
sloppy stir-fry is because your wok is
not hot if it's really hot like that you
get this fiery heat that really cooks it
nice and quick and that's exactly what
I'm looking for now so I'm gonna let
that heat off I'm gonna get a little
drop of sunflower oil in there and you
want to keep it heating until it's just
the base starts smoking and when it
starts smoking you know that it's nice
and hot and ready to rock we've got that
lovely marinated chicken and this goes
straight in it's just fizzle but stick
with it you need to make sure that your
wok is nice and hot and as soon as that
sizzle dies down you've got a beautiful
cooking wall that isn't going to
reducing its heat so give it a good mix
through fry it off and you want to cook
this just until that chicken is just a
bit cooked through right come in here
and check this out
we've got beautifully cooked chicken at
this point so this is the way you need
it to be before you transfer it out the
chicken is nice and firm as cook true so
transfer it over to a place
and get that pan straight back on the
heat add another little bit of olive oil
or sunflower oil or rapeseed oil in
little drop goes in and there you need
to hit it with those great flavors so
I'm going to start off with a little bit
of the garlic and ginger straight into
the pan and give it a good mix through
and as soon as those ginger and garlic
pieces start to become aromatic you want
to hit it with all those veggies oh if
you could smell this right now you will
be making this for your dinner tonight
try it out okay veggies go in pile our
spring onions our celery and our carrot
in there and we've got some bean sprouts
as well and now all you need to do is
mix it room in with a drop of sesame oil
for a nice nutty hit about a teaspoon no
more it's quite strong and then some
oyster sauce gives Agra lovely kind of
rounded salty flavor and for the folk
color and saltiness I've got some direct
soya sauce and do try and get the dark
soya sauce here because it really does
make a difference to the color and the
taste there's a little bit of molasses
in there so it's really deepens the
flavor once those veggies are nice and
tender but they still have a bite the
chicken goes straight back in we're
gonna add in some precooked noodles you
can use rice noodles egg noodles
whatever you have yourself and now the
final ingredient a little bit of curry
powder so get that in there you want to
add that just at the last minute little
bit extra from those mix up through I
wanna have the best utensil from to do
this hang on one sec where we have
this is the only way to mix true your
noodles so grab these babies and just
get in there I know what you call these
I like to think of them as aardvark
hands so just mix the true with those
and get your noodles completely coated
okay now you don't want to overcook it
so just whack off the heat it's all gone
very quiet and calm now as soon as you
turn off the heat is just kind of calms
down a little bit so tumble this out
onto a nice big serving platter look at
that these are serious noodles you'll
never have to dial the take away again
look easy nice sprinkle of some spring
onions over the top and now others have
to do is taste it so I'm gonna grab a
fork this is worth waiting for have a
little swirl of noodle a little bit of
chicken a little bit of veggies give it
a go
it's so good it really is I mean if
you've ever made a stir-fry and hasn't
worked out for you give this recipe a go
it works every time it's so tasty and I
want you to try it the recipes over on
Donnell scheme comm and of course I want
you to leave me a comment and make sure
that you subscribe and best of all try
this one out it is so good mmm
I'm going to dig in